[Laughter]
now this is the angry we'll be Stephanie
right here I'm stroking my beard so I'm
pissed off right now
Kobe Bryant out there you I got you on
speed dial bro you didn't answer my
texts now I'm doing the video you didn't
answer my texts I'm getting the video on
you now mother flipper
if the Brian Jays they did what you did
the Brian James would have been is this
statute with me blend down to ten times
even more lower and the sequence going
by this gets treated like royalty in the
bride James just cheated like a chump
and he went to the championship are you
crazy
this dude those the e3n just straight
trolls me first he's letting me know
he's a ps3 fanboy now he told me he
loves the move mo he's trolling me by
bringing the with the movement passing
the ball to Derek Fisher playing with
the we boat talk about man this is the
most real business realistic telling bad
jokes basketball game I've ever played
in my life bounce you must be in the gym
right now man working on your
three-pointer right now there it is
right there working on that three we
needed that three in the playoffs breaks
look I know III was last week but please
Kobe don't ever I don't ever want to see
that again
all I wanted all I want to hear is that
Kobe Bryant was in the gym for the past
year for this whole summer Kobe in the
gym for the Olympic team - don't ever
call me like that again Kobe Bryant I'm
a Laker fan for life but that's some
book I don't Cigna tell me other things
they pick me to kill Evan it's so
realistic there was a fucking in the
game for there were 50 player this is
bullcrap Kobe I don't ever want to see
this again yo ever again
if it was LeBron James I'm not defending
LeBron right now but it was a pride
doing him they would have torn that
would admonish this much sucker his
career had been over they would have
traded him some bullcrap man Lakers for
life Lakers